

The app fulfills all the assigments. The app works on different screen sizes and devices, having a tableView and collectionView with albums and information. Clicking the album will take you to a detailView, with other information and a list of songs in the album. From here, you can add songs to your favourites using core data. You can also search any album in the searchView, and pressing albums here will also take you to the detailView. In the favouriteView, you a rearrangable list of your favourites, that you can delete if you want to. You will also get recommendations based on whats in your favourites. 

there is stil alot of bugs in the app i did not have time to fix. Adding a song to favourites that contains special characters, makes the app crash. So please, dont add any songs that contain special characters when you test the app. It wont end good. I also had problems getting the searchquery to update if you delete a song, meaning that you will still get recommendations based on what was in your list before you delete a song. The query just keeps getting longer and longer, and the for loop that adds items to the query string is not complete at all. That is something i wish i got more time to work with. Not really happy with the way recommended ended up, and i feel theres way to much bugs in there, that could easily be fixed with more work. 
There is also a problem where if you favourite a song in the detailView, and that tableview contains alot of songs, the songs at the bottom will also be marked as favorited, changing its image to a red heart, but it wont be added to the core data. I think this is because it reuses the cells, but i didnt have time to fix that. 

I feel like, since i have done all the assignments, that this app deserves a B. Even tho some of the functionalities are a bit buggy. 
